Who is the rector of fast? Admin Office Dr. Aftab Ahmed Rector rector
what is the tuition fee of fast? tuition fee per credit hour is as follows: Program Fee BBA / BS Rs. 9,000 MBA / MS Rs. 9,000 PhD Rs. 9,000 Student Activities Fund
what is the tution fee in fast? subsidized fees from all its students
who is the registrar of fast? a non-profit organization.
who is the chancellor of fast? Chancellor of FAST-NU Home University
who is the rector of fast? Chancellor of FAST-NU Home University
can you remember my name? Chancellor of FAST-NU Home University
who is the registrar of fast? Dr. Waseem Ikram
what is the tution fee of fast? subsidized fees from all its students
who is the chancellor of fast? Chancellor of FAST-NU Home University
who is the rector of fast? Aftab Ahmed Rector rector
admission details of fast? Admission Fee of Rs. 20,000 is payable once at the time of admission. If a graduate of this University is admitted to a higher degree program, then admission fee is not payable again. Security deposit A refundable security deposit of Rs 20,000 is also payable at the time of admission. If a graduate of this University is admitted to a higher degree program, then admission fee is not payable again. Security deposit is refundable at the time of completion of degree or closing of admission. 3. Tuition Fee is refunded in accordance with the guidelines of Higher Education Commission (HEC). %age of Tuition Fee Up to 7th day of startof classes Full (100 %) Refund From 8th-15th day of commencement of classes Half (50 %) Refund From 16th day of commencement of classes No Refund Days shall be counted including working days and holidays. After declaration of result, admission of a student stands cancelled if he/she fails to meet the required eligibility requirement for admission. The fee refund is calculated from the date of his/her result announcement. Payment Instructions Fee can be paid using any one of the following methods: Print the challan form and then visit any nearest Faysal bank branch for cash deposit. Via bank account using Kuickpay payment gateway. Step 1: Sign in to your Internet Banking, Mobile Banking or visit an ATM machine Step 2: Select Bill Payment / Payments and then select ‘kuickpay’ from given categories Step 3: Enter the voucher or invoice number & continue. Make sure to enter Institution ID as prefix (mentioned on challan) Step 4: Confirm your voucher details and proceed to payment. Payment alerts will be received accordingly. *Customers of following Banks can avail Kuickpay service Allied Bank, Askari Bank, Bank Al Habib, Bank Alfalah, Bank Islami, Bank of Punjab, Dubai Islamic Bank, Faysal Bank, Faysal Bank, First Women Bank, Habib Metro Bank, Habib Bank Limited, JS Bank, MCB Islamic Bank, Faysal Bank Limited, JS Bank, MCB Islamic Bank, Mobil Bank, MCB Islamic Bank, Mobil Bank, SAMBA Bank, Soneri bank, Summit Bank, UBL and Keenu App. ** Easy paisa and JazzCash
who is the registrar of fast? Dr. Waseem Ikram
admission test details of fast? GCPA is the weighted average of grade points earned in a semester. The weights are taken as the ratio of course credits to the total credits taken by the student in the semester. CGPA is the weighted average of all the courses taken so far. For repeat courses, only the most recent grade points are used, even if they are less than the earlier attempts.
information about fast alumini?  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices,  Global Voices, 
fast cgpa requirements? Using a calculator. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't try to make up an answer.
who is registrar of fast? Dr. Waseem Ikram Dr Jawwad Shamsi
tution fee of fast every semester 20,000 rupees. Registration is suspended TWO months after the due date for payment of fee.
name of fast director                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
admission details of fast Admission of a student automatically stands cancelled if he or she fails in the required exam whose result was not available at the time of admission.
admission details of fast Professor Kennesaw State University, USA
admission details of fast Admission of a student automatically stands cancelled if he or she fails in the required exam whose result was not available at the time of admission.
admission details of fast                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
admission details of fast?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
tution fee per semester in fast? 2,000 semester freeze fee Rs. 10,000
admission details of fast 20,000 is payable once at the time of admission. If a graduate of this University is admitted to a higher degree program, then admission fee is not payable again. Security Deposit A refundable security deposit of Rs 20,000 is also payable at the time of admission. Tuition Fee Tuition Fee is payable in full before the start of each semester. It is subject to revision every year. For the academic year 2023-24 the tuition fee per credit hour is as follows: Program Fee BBA / BS Rs. 9,000 MBA / MS Rs. 9,000 PhD Rs. 9,000 Student Activities Fund To support co-curricular and extra-curricular activities a Student Activities Fund has been formed. Students contribute Rs 2,000 towards Students Activities Fund per semester. It is subject to revision every semester in the light of the student's academic performance and financial need. The financial assistance is limited to tuition fees only and is discontinued if the student's CGPA falls below 2.00 for undergraduate degree and 2.5 for graduate degree. The repayment of loan starts three months after graduation or getting a job, whichever is earlier. The total amount has to be repaid within a period of four years after graduation. Students are required to sign to this effect. All those who are admitted and are in real need of financial assistance should apply on the prescribed Financial Aid form. A notice to this effect will be posted on the notice board. Scholarships Merit Scholarships Merit scholarship is awarded to the Top THREE position holders of each Board. This scholarship is available for four years of un-interrupted studies with full course load and is equal to the full tuition fee.
who is registrar of fast nu? Dr. Waseem Ikram
admission details of fast Admission of a student automatically stands cancelled if he or she fails in the required exam whose result was not available at the time of admission. NU Online Admission Test for Graduate programs Information on various Admission Tests is available on the University’s admission web-site admissions.nu.edu.pk The online admission test is taken on a computer. The candidate should be familiar with the use of mouse and the keyboard. Each candidate is given a different examination. The sections of a test (English, Analytical skills, Math etc) appear in a random sequence. Moreover, questions related to different topics also appear before the candidate in a random sequence. In each section, a candidate can move forward and backwards to review the responses selected. The candidate can change his or her response to any question within the current section. Each section of the admission test has a fixed duration. Each section is timed independently and time saved in one section is not carried forward to the next sections. At the end of the test, a summary of the results is displayed on screen. The duration of the online admission test is between two and three hours. Applicants should reach the test centre on the date and time specified on the admit card. Latecomers will not be allowed to take the test without an endorsed Admit Card.
who is registrar of fast nu? National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences
what is the tution fee of fast? subsidized fees from all its students
how many campuses of fast? 
s
 the 3  1: The first
 3rd:
 1
who is the registrar of fast? 








 101


cafe 



how many campuses does fast have? Five modern campuses at Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, Peshawar and Chiniot-Faisalabad. These campuses provide world class educational environment and recreational facilities to about over 11,000 students, around one quarter are female and over 500 skilled faculty members. Research wings of the university are well recognized, nationally and internationally. They are embarked upon cutting edge research having direct impact on the social, economic and technological needs of Pakistan. Our vision is to become a globally recognized research university of Pakistan within the next decade.
who is the registrar of fast? University of Oxford. All Rights Reserved.
who is the rector of fast? Aftab Ahmed Rector rector
information about Fast BS Computer Science Pakistan University of Computer & Emerging Sciences
information about BS (CS) University of Pakistan. All Rights Reserved.
information about BS (CS) OF FAST University of Pakistan. All Rights Reserved.
BS (CS) OF FAST University of Pakistan. All Rights Reserved.
Artificial Intelligence in fast National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences
who is the registrar of fast? Aftab Ahmed Rector rector
how many campuses does fast have? Five modern campuses at Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, Peshawar and Chiniot-Faisalabad. These campuses provide world class educational environment and recreational facilities to about over 11,000 students, around one quarter are female and over 500 skilled faculty members. Research wings of the university are well recognized, nationally and internationally. They are embarked upon cutting edge research having direct impact on the social, economic and technological needs of Pakistan. Our vision is to become a globally recognized research university of Pakistan within the next decade.
admisson date of fast 2023 Orientation Plan 2022 Lahore Campus Happening Date: 18 Aug 2023 More News & Events Admissions Fall 2023 Happening Date: 27 May 2023 Orientation Plan 2022 Lahore Campus Happening Date: 18 Aug 2023 More Events Offered Programs Admission Schedule How To Apply Eligibility Criteria Loans/Scholarships Test Pattern Fee Structure Prospectus 2022 Campuses Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus Home Faculty & Staff PhD Supervisors Events Medal Holders Rector's List Dean's List Scholarship Awardees EE Department (Mission Vision) Islamabad Campus Home Faculty & Staff PhD Supervisors Events Research Medal Holders Rector's List Scholarship Awardees EE Department (Mission Vision) Peshawar Campus Peshawar Campus Copyright  2023 , NUCES. All Rights Reserved.
admisson date of fast 2023 Orientation Plan 2022 Lahore Campus Happening Date: 18 Aug 2023 More News & Events Admissions Fall 2023 Happening Date: 27 May 2023 Orientation Plan 2022 Lahore Campus Happening Date: 18 Aug 2023 More Events Offered Programs Admission Schedule How To Apply Eligibility Criteria Loans/Scholarships Test Pattern Fee Structure Prospectus 2022 Campuses Chiniot-Faisalabad Campus Home Faculty & Staff PhD Supervisors Events Medal Holders Rector's List Dean's List Scholarship Awardees EE Department (Mission Vision) Islamabad Campus Home Faculty & Staff PhD Supervisors Events Research Medal Holders Rector's List Scholarship Awardees EE Department (Mission Vision) Peshawar Campus Peshawar Campus Copyright  2023 , NUCES. All Rights Reserved.
